README.md, before:

## «λόγος», Logos, “word”

### Application for language & linguistics communities on Discord

#### Find definitions, translate text, detect languages, read guides, play games, submit resources, answer questions

##### examples - pronunciation - inflection - etymologies - relations - expressions - usage notes - and more

![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge)

### Language Support

- 📖 Definitions available for words in the above listed languages, sourced variously from **Wiktionary**, **Dexonline**, **Dicolink**, and **WordsAPI**, with **PONS** and **Wordnik** integrations on the way.
- 🌐 Translation available in 140 languages, provided variously by **DeepL**, **Google Translate** and **Lingvanex**.
- 🔍 Detection available in 200 languages, provided variously by `tinyld` and `cld`, with `fasttext` and `eld` integrations on the way.
- 🔤 Localisations available for 18 languages:
  - Great support (90%+): 🇩🇪 German 🇵🇱 Polish 🇷🇴 Romanian
  - Good support (60%+): 🇫🇷 French 🇳🇱 Dutch 🇹🇷 Turkish 🇳🇴 Norwegian
  - Limited support (30%+) 🇭🇺 Hungarian 🇦🇲 Armenian (Western) 🇦🇲 Armenian (Eastern)
  - Poor support (0%+) 🇪🇸 Spanish, 🇫🇮 Finnish, 🇸🇪 Swedish, 🇺🇳 Silesian

### Community Aspect

- 🎶 Audio playback with advanced track manipulation, queue + history management, first-class playlist support, and more.
- 🧳 Intuitive, unique role management using a folder-like role selection menu.
- 💢 Moderation tools, including user verification, user reports, a warning + pardoning system, fine-tunable slowmode, message purging, rule citation, policy viewing, and more.
- 💐 Social features including viewing user profiles and thanking users for their contributions.

### Ready to [join the community](https://discord.gg/TWdAjkTfah), [set up](SETUP.md) or [contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)?

### Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/vxern"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/56321034?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Dorian Oszczęda"/><br /><sub><b>Dorian Oszczęda</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-vxern" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/vxern/logos/commits?author=vxern" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#translation-vxern" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#design-vxern" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/vxern/logos/commits?author=vxern" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/2colours"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/297037173541175296/ab9706731d68cd84dc69b6e9c27fcd9e?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Nemokosch"/><br /><sub><b>Nemokosch</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-nemokosch" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#userTesting-nemokosch" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#translation-nemokosch" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#ideas-nemokosch" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/16wardm"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/758385691851096195/cd2229abe225053a7d67d96263d606d5?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mattheos"/><br /><sub><b>Mattheos</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-16wardm" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#userTesting-16wardm" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#ideas-16wardm" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://youtube.com/channel/UC4aqpjKwQfkqxmQO0Owy2QQ"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/303605019532460033/d6df111ee944ac997cf16d4a743cf189?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Victor"/><br /><sub><b>Victor</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#userTesting-ferb02" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#translation-ferb02" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#ideas-ferb02" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/859452448191545364/be65339a3e0021bc90211e0c4195fb7c?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mymy"/><br /><sub><b>Mymy</b></sub><br /><a href="#userTesting-mymy" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#ideas-mymy" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/1118870714771054592/51f2e92de9864ae8deeb2e5d6fdcf376?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Annie"/><br /><sub><b>Annie</b></sub><br /><a href="#userTesting-bean__queen" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#ideas-bean__queen" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/797369145367855104/ac1fe2508cd6df347d801f4caf967a04?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Alaska"/><br /><sub><b>Alaska</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-at.peace" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://x.com/_stechi_"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/839862207025119252/fd5f455be6c6f20a3cf0f1a860074397?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Asterfields"/><br /><sub><b>Asterfields</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-asterfields_" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/868631133263376424/9b2020c9effc7f60ab90e78f7e9cd71a?s=100" width="100px;" alt="aura"/><br /><sub><b>aura</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-adeniial" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/415132870252822539/927bfd64aea0166fc9a44f0a7a3b2a70?s=100" width="100px;" alt="eagely"/><br /><sub><b>eagely</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-eagely" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/747900197358665758/b4f7ea590b477359c433dac9b629337b?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Esther"/><br /><sub><b>Esther</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-estheroide" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/775308215470391317/04dbc74b010d1a5736f5a8d911589f29?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Haniel"/><br /><sub><b>Haniel</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-hani_men12" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/311489852824616961/bd594c224c551a04fce50b7d5e408958?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Kamel"/><br /><sub><b>Kamel</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-kamelNeoN" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#ideas-kamelNeoN" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/99962686766333952/e3112dd2896a5ab9a04995b63a291e25?s=100" width="100px;" alt="iiv"/><br /><sub><b>iiv</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-iiv" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/a-mcego"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/186212508141355008/b7fa1e78f6ade0dc25e273f8e1293a02?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mega Glaceon"/><br /><sub><b>Mega Glaceon</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-megaglaceon" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://instagram.com/mike_dishakjian"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/529666071498719242/f78de19eb2908837512e3ad1fa3e0b04?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mike"/><br /><sub><b>Mike</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-rottingrat666" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/656160896607059981/bdc8577fed934534b360c4ae7e2f3a1c?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Moorddroom"/><br /><sub><b>Moorddroom</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-moorddroom" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/357538166061924353/b17381ebebbbe9ed5cb3e896385ff484?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Noxys"/><br /><sub><b>Noxys</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-noxys" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/403581106042961930/121e69ac1270d5ee429babb4a0a9e71f?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Okruch Chleba"/><br /><sub><b>Okruch Chleba</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-okruchchleba" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/399515144482455553/d42543f2f90bbd8496c39903d1be3ed0?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Paul"/><br /><sub><b>Paul</b></sub><br /><a href="#ideas-vittorio3099" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/768748522878533632/760e36aeb3d26daf2fb6b692a83c25b1?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Pascu"/><br /><sub><b>Pascu</b></sub><br /><a href="#ideas-pascu" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/502427080877801484/b1a1321690a117ccb34e2e9f6f8c379f?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Rodut Notira"/><br /><sub><b>Rodut Notira</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-rodutnotira" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="mailto:macmillantrenton@gmail.com"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/410812091071725598/fe4b4e5571f225ab21122a9c7d570375?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Telemaniak"/><br /><sub><b>Telemaniak</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-telemaniak" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/1051504441087496252/969b91a85cbb1ff22eda2abec44d0858?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Theodenin Muhafizi"/><br /><sub><b>Theodenin Muhafizi</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-theodeninmuhafizi" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/249248581435916299/dd990da7972f150a4ff58868a90cd0dd?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Yeetfe"/><br /><sub><b>Yeetfe</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-yeetfe" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

chore: Add notice to message `@vxern` for a demo.

README.md, after:

## «λόγος», Logos, “word”

### Application for language & linguistics communities on Discord

#### Find definitions, translate text, detect languages, read guides, play games, submit resources, answer questions

##### Examples - Pronunciation - Inflection - Etymologies - Relations - Expressions - Usage Notes

![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/vxern/logos.svg?style=for-the-badge)

### Language Support

- 📖 Definitions available for words in the above listed languages, sourced variously from **Wiktionary**, **Dexonline**, **Dicolink**, and **WordsAPI**, with **PONS** and **Wordnik** integrations on the way.
- 🌐 Translation available in 140 languages, provided variously by **DeepL**, **Google Translate** and **Lingvanex**.
- 🔍 Detection available in 200 languages, provided variously by `tinyld` and `cld`, with `fasttext` and `eld` integrations on the way.
- 🔤 Localisations available for 18 languages:
  - Great support (90%+): 🇩🇪 German 🇵🇱 Polish 🇷🇴 Romanian
  - Good support (60%+): 🇫🇷 French 🇳🇱 Dutch 🇹🇷 Turkish 🇳🇴 Norwegian
  - Limited support (30%+) 🇭🇺 Hungarian 🇦🇲 Armenian (Western) 🇦🇲 Armenian (Eastern)
  - Poor support (0%+) 🇪🇸 Spanish, 🇫🇮 Finnish, 🇸🇪 Swedish, 🇺🇳 Silesian

### Community Aspect

- 🎶 Audio playback with advanced track manipulation, queue + history management, first-class playlist support, and more.
- 🧳 Intuitive, unique role management using a folder-like role selection menu.
- 💢 Moderation tools, including user verification, user reports, a warning + pardoning system, fine-tunable slowmode, message purging, rule citation, policy viewing, and more.
- 💐 Social features including viewing user profiles and thanking users for their contributions. 

#### [Message @vxern for a demo](https://discord.com/users/217319536485990400) · [Join the Logos community](https://discord.gg/TWdAjkTfah) · [Contribute to the project](CONTRIBUTING.md) · [Set the bot up for yourself](CONTRIBUTING.md)

### Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/vxern"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/56321034?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Dorian Oszczęda"/><br /><sub><b>Dorian Oszczęda</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-vxern" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/vxern/logos/commits?author=vxern" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#translation-vxern" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#design-vxern" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/vxern/logos/commits?author=vxern" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/2colours"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/297037173541175296/ab9706731d68cd84dc69b6e9c27fcd9e?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Nemokosch"/><br /><sub><b>Nemokosch</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-nemokosch" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#userTesting-nemokosch" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#translation-nemokosch" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#ideas-nemokosch" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/16wardm"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/758385691851096195/cd2229abe225053a7d67d96263d606d5?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mattheos"/><br /><sub><b>Mattheos</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-16wardm" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#userTesting-16wardm" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#ideas-16wardm" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://youtube.com/channel/UC4aqpjKwQfkqxmQO0Owy2QQ"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/303605019532460033/d6df111ee944ac997cf16d4a743cf189?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Victor"/><br /><sub><b>Victor</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#userTesting-ferb02" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#translation-ferb02" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#ideas-ferb02" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/859452448191545364/be65339a3e0021bc90211e0c4195fb7c?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mymy"/><br /><sub><b>Mymy</b></sub><br /><a href="#userTesting-mymy" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#ideas-mymy" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/1118870714771054592/51f2e92de9864ae8deeb2e5d6fdcf376?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Annie"/><br /><sub><b>Annie</b></sub><br /><a href="#userTesting-bean__queen" title="User Testing">📓</a> <a href="#ideas-bean__queen" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/797369145367855104/ac1fe2508cd6df347d801f4caf967a04?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Alaska"/><br /><sub><b>Alaska</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-at.peace" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://x.com/_stechi_"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/839862207025119252/fd5f455be6c6f20a3cf0f1a860074397?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Asterfields"/><br /><sub><b>Asterfields</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-asterfields_" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/868631133263376424/9b2020c9effc7f60ab90e78f7e9cd71a?s=100" width="100px;" alt="aura"/><br /><sub><b>aura</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-adeniial" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/415132870252822539/927bfd64aea0166fc9a44f0a7a3b2a70?s=100" width="100px;" alt="eagely"/><br /><sub><b>eagely</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-eagely" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/747900197358665758/b4f7ea590b477359c433dac9b629337b?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Esther"/><br /><sub><b>Esther</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-estheroide" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/775308215470391317/04dbc74b010d1a5736f5a8d911589f29?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Haniel"/><br /><sub><b>Haniel</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-hani_men12" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/311489852824616961/bd594c224c551a04fce50b7d5e408958?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Kamel"/><br /><sub><b>Kamel</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-kamelNeoN" title="Translation">🌍</a> <a href="#ideas-kamelNeoN" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/99962686766333952/e3112dd2896a5ab9a04995b63a291e25?s=100" width="100px;" alt="iiv"/><br /><sub><b>iiv</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-iiv" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/a-mcego"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/186212508141355008/b7fa1e78f6ade0dc25e273f8e1293a02?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mega Glaceon"/><br /><sub><b>Mega Glaceon</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-megaglaceon" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://instagram.com/mike_dishakjian"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/529666071498719242/f78de19eb2908837512e3ad1fa3e0b04?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Mike"/><br /><sub><b>Mike</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-rottingrat666" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/656160896607059981/bdc8577fed934534b360c4ae7e2f3a1c?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Moorddroom"/><br /><sub><b>Moorddroom</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-moorddroom" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/357538166061924353/b17381ebebbbe9ed5cb3e896385ff484?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Noxys"/><br /><sub><b>Noxys</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-noxys" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/403581106042961930/121e69ac1270d5ee429babb4a0a9e71f?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Okruch Chleba"/><br /><sub><b>Okruch Chleba</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-okruchchleba" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/399515144482455553/d42543f2f90bbd8496c39903d1be3ed0?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Paul"/><br /><sub><b>Paul</b></sub><br /><a href="#ideas-vittorio3099" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/768748522878533632/760e36aeb3d26daf2fb6b692a83c25b1?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Pascu"/><br /><sub><b>Pascu</b></sub><br /><a href="#ideas-pascu" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/502427080877801484/b1a1321690a117ccb34e2e9f6f8c379f?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Rodut Notira"/><br /><sub><b>Rodut Notira</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-rodutnotira" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="mailto:macmillantrenton@gmail.com"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/410812091071725598/fe4b4e5571f225ab21122a9c7d570375?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Telemaniak"/><br /><sub><b>Telemaniak</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#translation-telemaniak" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/1051504441087496252/969b91a85cbb1ff22eda2abec44d0858?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Theodenin Muhafizi"/><br /><sub><b>Theodenin Muhafizi</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-theodeninmuhafizi" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/249248581435916299/dd990da7972f150a4ff58868a90cd0dd?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Yeetfe"/><br /><sub><b>Yeetfe</b></sub><br /><a href="#translation-yeetfe" title="Translation">🌍</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
